I'm going to show you how to do this
can make nice bracelets with one
herringbone pattern where you who herringbone you
see those walking around on this video
let's see the bracelet at the top of the
corner you will find a link to the video for
The bed through to confirm which it
you can make this bracelet on the
mouthpiece two if you don't have a monster tail
you can also call the adjustable
and then the rows opposite each other
and use 4 dots because we
need four pins
I am now going to show on the monster two
on this and we are going to these four pins
use
I'm going to format it in three different ones
colors I start with silver and we go
from here bottom to top and 8 make you
closely you look like this
also in silver and 8 you then come on
and then we try a purple places
just straight and foam that you do
not turning around and the other way too
a purple one
Well then the third is you for that
reflection you chose which we go on
hooves underneath in places and others
now you have three rubber bands
it seems to be above each other
very much like a regular herringbone
Now goes the the bottom of the oven
he after the shoot lower over it which
the soul group must also be under we
let the soul hook over it
you run your telecom monster and then again
also how often
do you want all rubber bands to
down the color that hooked over it
have that you are going to set up again
so and soul so important you we
the same way we are late
always first
from bottom left to top right
and then from bottom right to
top left
Now we turn and hook you
lower
over it
right here team members pins
tell pieces then again on the
pins
and then we pick up the purple purple
put to the bottom role would often
be over it
slightly down
well you keep going until you
bracelet comes slicing say here
but comes out until it's long enough
I'm going to pause the video and me
come back to you when our bracelet becomes
our bracelet is now advanced
long enough so I'm going to leave you now
see how doing makes the end
we have two rubber bands everywhere
and so we're not going to have a new rubber band
but instead we go
we will go one of those two rubber bands
so in this case I am going to
air conditioning function over it
on the other hand too
Well now you have all the pins
put a rubber band then we go from the
on the right side the rubber bands to the
bring left side by the silver one
other side
so now we have two of them here now
rubber bands through the lower silver too
the over it
well the we two silver over and the dunes
supply crochet hook and that goes and fastens
with it's chicken
Another chance I have to do is on the S clip
then you now have a very nice round here
herringbone bracelet
you can now go to the other video
go to see how you see the bible
can make and confirm to this